TASKS - DAY -2

1.  List 5 difference between Browser JS(console) v Nodejs

				Javascript	 
                                
1. Javascript is a programming language that is used for writing scripts on the website.

2.Javascript can only be run in the browsers.

3.It is basically used on the client-side.

4. Javascript is capable enough to add HTML and play with the DOM. 
 
5.Javascript can run in any browser engine as like JS core in safari and Spidermonkey in Firefox. 

6.Javascript is used in frontend development. 

7.Some of the javascript frameworks are RamdaJS, TypedJS, etc. 	

				NODE.JS
1.NodeJS is a Javascript runtime environment & Nodejs is written in C, C++ and Javascript.

2.We can run Javascript outside the browser with the help of NodeJS.

3.It is mostly used on the server-side.

4.Nodejs does not have capability to add HTML tags.

5.V8 is the Javascript engine inside of node.js that parses and runs Javascript. 

6.Nodejs is used in server-side development.

7.Some of the Nodejs modules are Lodash, express etc. These modules are to be imported from npm. 


2.


3.To read - 
  https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5641997/is-it-necessary-to-write-head-body-and-html-tags

 The relevant reference is 
 http://www.w3.org/TR/2011/WD-html5-20110525/syntax.html#optional-tags, and it says:

An html element's start tag may be omitted if the first thing inside the html element is not a comment.

An html element's end tag may be omitted if the html element is not immediately followed by a comment.

A head element's start tag may be omitted if the element is empty, or if the first thing inside the head element is an element.

A head element's end tag may be omitted if the head element is not immediately followed by a space character or a comment.

A body element's start tag may be omitted if the element is empty, or if the first thing inside the body element is not a space character or a comment, except if the first thing inside the body element is a script or style element.

A body element's end tag may be omitted if the body element is not immediately followed by a comment.

So your example is valid HTML5, and would be parsed like this, with the html, head and body tags in their implied positions:

4.Execute the below code and write your description in txt file

A. typeof(1)....Number is a numeric value.
B. typeof(1.1).....is a float
C. typeof('1.1')....is a float string 
D. typeof(true)...is a Boolean
E. typeof(null)....In JavaScript, null is marked as one of the primitive values, because its behavior is seemingly primitive. Null Stands for No Value
F. typeof(undefined)......A variable that has not been assigned a value is of type undefined . A method or statement also returns undefined if the variable 
   that is being evaluated does not have an assigned value. A function returns undefined if a value was not returned.
 
G. typeof([]).....is a "object"
H. typeof({}).....is a "object"
I. typeof(NaN).....The type of NaN , which stands for Not a Number is, surprisingly, a number. ... 
   However, it is a numeric data type whose value cannot be represented using actual numbers. So, the name "Not a Number", 
   doesn't mean that the value is not numeric. It instead means that the value cannot be expressed with numbers.
			
5.Read what is prototype 

  Prototypes are the mechanism by which JavaScript objects inherit features from one another. In this article, 

  we explain how prototype chains work and look at how the prototype property can be used to add methods 

  to existing constructors.
 

 

